Assignment 2: Restaurant Finder Part 2

Name: Jacob Wong & Jicheng Zhao


Accessories:
- Arduino Mega Board (AMG)
- USB cable, A-B style
- Adafruit ILI9341 breakout board
- SainSmart JoyStick Module

References:
Used and modified code from joy_cursor, rest_sd, display_names, touch_coordinates from Zac's drive
as well as code given in the Assignment description

Wiring Instructions:
https://eclass.srv.ualberta.ca/pluginfile.php/3891315/mod_resource/content/1/cmput274-display-wiring.txt
Instructions to wiring the Adafruit_ILI9341 screen. To wire the joystick, follow
the given instructions from in-class discussion as well as described on eclass Exercise 5
and convention explained in Assignment Description on eclass.

How to run the Code:
Upload the code into the Arduino and look at display screen.

Assumptions:
- Used and modified code from Exercise 5 and 6 submissions instead of solutions provided
- Used code from Assignment 2 Part 1
- For mode 1, assumed that the cursor would not loop around when at the top of the list
	and end of the total restaurant list.
- When moving up a page, it is fine that the list is printed from the bottom up
- For some restaurants, when clicking on their name, it would bring us to a different
	position than intended but when selecting that same restaurant again it could bring
	us to the correct location.


Description:
This program can be used to find the restaurants around Edmonton within a certain
distance. This program will contain two modes; mode 0 and mode 1. In mode 0,
the user can use the joystick to move around the map. Their position will be
represented by the red cursor shown on the display screen and the display will
only show a small portion of the Edmonton map but will shift when the cursor hits
the edge of the display screen. Then if the user clicks the joystick, the program
will switch to mode 1. In mode 1, the screen will display the 30 closest restaurants
to the location that the cursor is currently at. Then, the user can move up and down
the list to see which restaurant they want to find. Finally, if the user presses
the joystick, the program will switch to mode 0 except instead of starting at the middle
of the Edmonton map, the cursor will be placed on the position of restaurant that
was selected.
In the second part of this assignment, a rating selector was created so that the user
could filter which restaurants they want to look for based on their ratings. As well,
in mode 1 of the program, it would now print the next/previous 30 restaurants when
the user hit the bottom/top of the screen respectively. Finally, the code also implemented
the quick sort method of sorting which would increase the sorting speed.
